README.md, before:

# AG Grid Design System

![Figma Design System Banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40694714/270364345-742f13f7-9bee-49bd-9f30-ef70ffa7cce5.png)

## Overview

Welcome to the [AG Grid](https://github.com/ag-grid/ag-grid) Figma Design System, created to help Product Designers prototype and customise AG Grid applications with ease.

This directory contains the following:

- `ag-grid-figma-variables-to-css/` - A sample node.js project to convert Figma Local Variables to CSS
- `figma-file-archive/` - An archive of previous versions
- `token-studio-archive/` - An archive of Token studios json

<br />

## Features

The AG Grid Figma Design System supports:

- Quartz, Alpine, & Material themes in light mode & darkmode
- All **core** Grid components, which are a mirror image of the components in the AG Grid library
- Conversion of Figma Local Variables to CSS with the `ag-grid-figma-variables-to-css` sample project

<br />

## Getting Started

To start working with the AG Grid Figma design system visit our [Figma community page](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1360600846643230092) and click "Open in Figma". The AG Grid design system will open directly in Figma and you're ready to start designing for AG Grid applications.

We supply the AG Grid design system as a [Figma community file](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1360600846643230092). You will use the file by duplicating it to your Figma workspace. Whilst we regularly update the AG Grid design system, your duplicated files will not receive any updates automatically.

For more information about how Figma community files function, please review the [Figma help pages on community files](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038510873-Duplicate-Community-files).

<br />

## Local Variables to CSS

If you have created your own theme in Figma using the variables feature, you can export those variables and use the [Style Dictionary](https://amzn.github.io/style-dictionary/#/) NPM package to create an [AG Grid legacy CSS theme](https://ag-grid.com/react-data-grid/theming/#legacy-themes). An example Style Dictionary project and full instructions are included in the `ag-grid-figma-variables-to-css/` directory. 

<br />

## Feature Requests / Bug Reports

AG Grid Enterprise customers can request support or suggest features and improvements via [Zenhub](https://ag-grid.zendesk.com/hc/en-us). Community users can file bug reports via [AG Grid Github issues](https://github.com/ag-grid/ag-grid/issues).

Commit message:

Move older resources to archive directoy, update README.md

README.md, after:

# AG Grid Design System

![Figma Design System Banner](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/40694714/270364345-742f13f7-9bee-49bd-9f30-ef70ffa7cce5.png)

## Overview

Welcome to the [AG Grid](https://github.com/ag-grid/ag-grid) Figma Design System, created to help Product Designers prototype and customise AG Grid applications with ease.

This directory contains the following:


- `/theme-example-dir/` <!-- TODO: Write up LV to JS theming API example instructions. -->
- `/archive/`: Archived resources for the AG Grid Figma Design System. 

<br />

## Features

The AG Grid Figma Design System supports:

- Quartz, and Alpine themes in light mode & darkmode
- All **core** Grid components, which are a mirror image of the components in the AG Grid library
- Conversion of Figma Local Variables to CSS with the `ag-grid-figma-variables-to-css` sample project

<br />

## Getting Started

To start working with the AG Grid Figma design system visit our [Figma community page](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1360600846643230092) and click "Open in Figma". The AG Grid design system will open directly in Figma and you're ready to start designing for AG Grid applications.

We supply the AG Grid design system as a [Figma community file](https://www.figma.com/community/file/1360600846643230092). You will use the file by duplicating it to your Figma workspace. Whilst we regularly update the AG Grid design system, your duplicated files will not receive any updates automatically.

For more information about how Figma community files function, please review the [Figma help pages on community files](https://help.figma.com/hc/en-us/articles/360038510873-Duplicate-Community-files).

<br />

## Local Variables to AG Grid theme

<!-- TODO: Write up LV to JS theming API example instructions. -->

<br />

## Feature Requests / Bug Reports

AG Grid Enterprise customers can request support or suggest features and improvements via [Zenhub](https://ag-grid.zendesk.com/hc/en-us). Community users can file bug reports via [AG Grid Github issues](https://github.com/ag-grid/ag-grid/issues).
